Modbus nan values (#26865)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/modbus.markdown

      description: The maximum allowed value of a sensor. If value > max_value --> max_value. Can be float or integer
      required: false
      type: float
    nan_value:
      description: The NaN value if the sensor has an explicit NaN return. Can be float, integer or in hex notation
      required: false

>       type: int

Reviewer: It does not tell anything about the purpose of the parameter and what it does.

Author: Better like this?
If a modbus sensor has an explicit NaN value, this optional parameter gives the ability to specify it, such that the modbus sensor returns "unavailable" when NaN is returned

      description: The maximum allowed value of a sensor. If value > max_value --> max_value. Can be float or integer
      required: false
      type: float
    nan_value:

>       description: If a modbus sensor has a vendor defined NaN value, this value can be set here as hex string (e.g. `0xFFFFFFFF`) and, if triggered, the sensor becomes `unavailable`.

Reviewer: In the code PR it says that the Na value can be a int, float or he. value. This should be matched here.

Author: the PR is string input also, first version with int/float/hex had issues. Should be consistent with documentation here

Reviewer: The e.g. does not correspond to the code, you demand a specific format, so please inform the user clearly.

Author: you're right, thanks!

>       description: If a modbus sensor has a defined NaN value, this value can be set as hex string starting with `0x` containing one or more bytes (e.g. `0xFFFF` or `0x80000000`) or provided as integer directly. If triggered, the sensor becomes `unavailable`. Please note that the hex to int conversion for `nan_value` does currently not obey home-assistants modbus encoding using the `data_type`, `structure` or `swap` arguments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      description: If a Modbus sensor has a defined NaN value, this value can be set as a hex string starting with `0x` containing one or more bytes (for example, `0xFFFF` or `0x80000000`) or provided as an integer directly. If triggered, the sensor becomes `unavailable`. Please note that the hex to int conversion for `nan_value` does currently not obey home-assistants Modbus encoding using the `data_type`, `structure`, or `swap` arguments.
```
